consumed 100 messages
consumed 200 messages
consumed 300 messages
consumed 400 messages
consumed 500 messages
consumed 600 messages
consumed 700 messages
consumed 800 messages
consumed 900 messages
consumed 1000 messages
consumed 1100 messages
consumed 1200 messages
consumed 1300 messages
consumed 1400 messages
consumed 1500 messages
consumed 1600 messages
consumed 1700 messages
consumed 1800 messages
consumed 1900 messagesexiting production loop
consumed 100 messages
consumed 200 messages
consumed 300 messages
consumed 400 messages
consumed 500 messages
consumed 600 messages
consumed 700 messages
consumed 800 messages
consumed 900 messages
consumed 1000 messages
consumed 1100 messages
consumed 1200 messages
consumed 1300 messages
consumed 1400 messages
shutting down
